today is a day of high enthusiasm which
is best handle with just a bit of
discretion I'm Jeff shower and for
planet pulse on this Tuesday September
second I'm Rick Lavigne we have both of
those energies cooking I mean we have
some real fiery energy that's that
builds and is with us all day but you
know there's also some indication of
what we really should hold things back
and maybe that hits earlier in the day
but it but but we shouldn't express
everything we know that's right because
the moon is in outgoing and occasionally
bigmouth Sagittarius no insult to any of
the sagittarians out oh they can they
can take it or behind the camera but
sagittaria is this a sign that tends to
want to speak the truth about you
whether you want to hear it or not and
yet Venus a planet of sociability is
hooked up in a hard aspect with Pluto as
you pointed out this morning Rick which
means that we can react intensely two
things without even showing those
reactions but we'll remember yeah we
will remember the good news is that even
if we remember I think we're willing to
let it go partly because of that moon in
sagittarius has a short memory when it
comes to the potential of what's next
and today the moon actually makes a
harmonious trying with Jupiter which is
Sagittarius is key or ruling planet
early in the day and then it makes a
harmonious trying with Uranus later in
the day now this Jupiter Uranus trying
is building you know through the middle
of the month it's building this month
and so what we're doing is we're getting
an early wave of the potential
excitement in our lives and and some new
ideas and I think it does make it easier
to forget about the emotional weight
that we might be in denial well we've
also got some other health today in the
form of mercury the planet education
which is entering the diplomatic sign of
Libra we could think of the Sagittarius
and fire stuff on one side of the road
as a big party and festival and on the
other side of the road with Venus Pluto
there's somebody starving for love these
are very contrasting worlds and mercury
the thinker in well-balanced Libra can
perhaps help us negotiate the
differences or make connections between
those extremes I'm Jeff Joe in for
planet pulse I'm Rick Lavigne